docs/systems.md, before:

# Systems

Systems are where all the logic lives, it takes entities from the pool and executes logic on each one. The way systems are designed there is an orchestration layer which wraps all systems and handles the communication between the pools and the execution/reaction/setup methods known as `ISystemExecutor` (Which can be read about on other pages).

This means your systems don't need to worry about the logistics of getting entities and dealing with them, you just express how you want to interact with entities and let the `SystemExecutor` handle the heavy lifting and pass you the entities for processing. This can easily be seen when you look at all the available system interfaces which all process individual entities not groups of them.

## System Types

This is where it gets interesting, so we have multiple flavours of systems depending on how you want to consume the entities. You can also mix them up so you could have a single system implement `ISetupSystem` and `IReactToEntitySystem` which would run a setup method for each entity it matches but also then react to certain entity changes and execute logic on them.

All systems have the notion of a `TargetGroup` which describes what entities to target out of the pool, so you don't need to do much other than setup the right groupings and implement the methods for the interfaces.

One other thing worth mentioning is that you can implement many of the interfaces in one class if you wish, so if you want an `ISetupSystem` and an `ITeardownSystem` implemented in the same class, you can do so and it will all just work, so implement as much or as little as you wish for your scenarios.

### ISetupSystem

This interface implies that you want to setup entities, so it will match all entities via the group and will run a `Setup` method once for each of the entities. This is primarily there for doing one off setup methods on entities, such as instantiating `GameObject` or complex object types.

### ITeardownSystem

This is similar to `ISetupSystem`, but is used when a matched entity's group is removed.

### IReactToEntitySystem

This interface implies that you want to react to individual changes in an entity. It will pass each entity to the `ReactToEntity` method to setup the observable you want, such as Health changing, input occurring, random intervals etc. This only happens once per matched entity, here is an example of the sort of thing you would do here:

```c#
public IObservable<IEntity> ReactToEntity(IEntity entity)
{
    var colorComponent = entity.GetComponent<RandomColorComponent>();
    return colorComponent.Color.DistinctUntilChanged().Select(x => entity);
}
```

Once you have setup your reactions the `Execute` method is triggered everytime the subscription from the reaction phase is triggered, so this way your system reacts to data rather than polling for changes each frame, this makes system logic for succinct and direct, it also can make quite complex scenarios quite simple as you can use the power of **Rx** to daisy chain together your observables to trigger whatever you want.

It is also worth looking at the groups documentation as there are some features in groups which allow you to automatically constrain entities based upon predicates so that can push some constraining logic up to the *group* rather than your specific system, however sometimes it makes sense to be in the system, so its your call.

### IReactToGroupSystem

This is like the `IReactToEntitySystem` but rather than reacting to each entity matched, it instead just reacts to something at the group level. The `ReactToGroup` is generally used as a way to process all entities every frame using `Observable.EveryUpdate()` and selecting the group, however you can do many other things such as reacting to events at a group level or some other observable notion, here is a simple example:

```c#
public IObservable<GroupAccessor> ReactToGroup(GroupAccessor group)
{
    return Observable.EveryUpdate().Select(x => group);
}
```

The main benefit of this interface vs the `IReactToEntitySystem` approach is that this one will only generate a single subscription to trigger all entities in the group to be processed, where the other interface would generate a subscription per entity, so this is a much more performant way of reacting to the same thing for the entire group.

### IReactToDataSystem<T>

So this is the more complicated and lesser used flavour of system. It is basically the same as the `IReactToEntitySystem` however it reacts to data rather than an entity. So for example lets say you wanted to react to a collision event and your system wanted to know about the entity as normal, but also the collision event that occurred. This system is the way you would do that, as its subscription passes back some data rather than an entity, here is an example:

```c#
IObservable<CollisionEvent> ReactToEntity(IEntity entity)
{
    return MessageBroker.Receive<EntityCollisionEvent>().Single(x => x.collidee == entity);
}
```

So this offers a bit more power as the `Execute` method takes both the entity in the pool and the returned data from the subscription allowing you to work with external data when processing.

This is still a fairly new system type so will possibly have some minor changes as we move forward.

### IManualSystem

This is a niche system for when you want to carry out some logic outside the scope of entities, or want to have 
more fine grained control over how you deal with the entities matched.

Rather than the `SystemExecutor` doing most of the work for you and managing the subscriptions and entity interactions 
this just provides you the `GroupAccessor` for the entities targetted and its up to you to control how they are 
dealt with.

The `StartSystem` method will be triggered when the system has been added to the executor, and the `StopSystem` 
will be triggered when the system is removed.

#### EventReactionSystem<T>

This is a custom implementation of the IManualSystem which acts as a shorthand way of waiting for an event then
once it occurs running some logic based purely upon the logic within that event. (However you can override 
it a bit to provide additional entities outside of the group if needed).

```c#
public class SomeEventSystem : EventReactionSystem<SomeEvent>
{
    public SomeEventSystem(IEventSystem eventSystem) : base(eventSystem)
    { }

    public override void EventTriggered(SomeEvent eventData)
    {
        // Do something with eventData
    }
}
```

## System Loading Order

So by default (with the default implementation of `ISystemExecutor`) systems will load in the order of:

1. Implementations of `ISetupSystem`
2. Implementations of `IReactToEntitySystem`
3. Other Systems

However within those groupings it will load the systems in whatever order Zenject (assuming you are using it) provides them, however there is a way to enforce some level of priority by applying the `[Priority(1)]` attribute, this allows you to specify the priority of how systems should be loaded. The ordering will be from lowest to highest so if you have a priority of 1 it will load before a system with a priority of 10.

Commit message:

Updated docs and refactored systems
Systems are now in their own project as well as having docs for intellisense and changing group and execute names.

docs/systems.md, after:

# Systems

Systems are where all the logic lives, it takes entities from the pool and executes logic on each one. The way systems are designed there is an orchestration layer which wraps all systems and handles the communication between the pools and the execution/reaction/setup methods known as `ISystemExecutor` (Which can be read about on other pages).

This means your systems don't need to worry about the logistics of getting entities and dealing with them, you just express how you want to interact with entities and let the `SystemExecutor` handle the heavy lifting and pass you the entities for processing. This can easily be seen when you look at all the available system interfaces which all process individual entities not groups of them.

## System Types

This is where it gets interesting, so we have multiple flavours of systems depending on how you want to consume the entities, by default there is `IManualSystem` but there is a project containing all most common systems (`EcsRx.Systems`). You can also mix them up so you could have a single system implement `ISetupSystem`, `ITeardown` and `IReactToEntitySystem` which would run a setup method for each entity when it joins the group then react to the entity changes and process them on changes, then finally run some logic when the entity is being removed from the group.

All systems have the notion of a `Group` which describes what entities to target out of the pool, so you don't need to do much other than setup the right groupings and implement the methods for the interfaces.

One other thing worth mentioning is that you can implement many of the interfaces in one class if you wish, so if you want an `ISetupSystem` and an `ITeardownSystem` implemented in the same class, you can do so and it will all just work, so implement as much or as little as you wish for your scenarios.

### ISetupSystem

This interface implies that you want to setup entities, so it will match all entities via the group and will run a `Setup` method once for each of the entities. This is primarily there for doing one off setup methods on entities, such as instantiating `GameObject` or complex object types.

### ITeardownSystem

This is similar to `ISetupSystem`, but is used when a matched entity's group is removed.

### IReactToEntitySystem

This interface implies that you want to react to individual changes in an entity. It will pass each entity to the `ReactToEntity` method to setup the observable you want, such as Health changing, input occurring, random intervals etc. This only happens once per matched entity, here is an example of the sort of thing you would do here:

```c#
public IObservable<IEntity> ReactToEntity(IEntity entity)
{
    var colorComponent = entity.GetComponent<RandomColorComponent>();
    return colorComponent.Color.DistinctUntilChanged().Select(x => entity);
}
```

Once you have setup your reactions the `Execute` method is triggered everytime the subscription from the reaction phase is triggered, so this way your system reacts to data rather than polling for changes each frame, this makes system logic for succinct and direct, it also can make quite complex scenarios quite simple as you can use the power of **Rx** to daisy chain together your observables to trigger whatever you want.

It is also worth looking at the groups documentation as there are some features in groups which allow you to automatically constrain entities based upon predicates so that can push some constraining logic up to the *group* rather than your specific system, however sometimes it makes sense to be in the system, so its your call.

### IReactToGroupSystem

This is like the `IReactToEntitySystem` but rather than reacting to each entity matched, it instead just reacts to something at the group level. The `ReactToGroup` is generally used as a way to process all entities every frame using `Observable.EveryUpdate()` and selecting the group, however you can do many other things such as reacting to events at a group level or some other observable notion, here is a simple example:

```c#
public IObservable<GroupAccessor> ReactToGroup(GroupAccessor group)
{
    return Observable.EveryUpdate().Select(x => group);
}
```

The main benefit of this interface vs the `IReactToEntitySystem` approach is that this one will only generate a single subscription to trigger all entities in the group to be processed, where the other interface would generate a subscription per entity, so this is a much more performant way of reacting to the same thing for the entire group.

### IReactToDataSystem<T>

So this is the more complicated and lesser used flavour of system. It is basically the same as the `IReactToEntitySystem` however it reacts to data rather than an entity. So for example lets say you wanted to react to a collision event and your system wanted to know about the entity as normal, but also the collision event that occurred. This system is the way you would do that, as its subscription passes back some data rather than an entity, here is an example:

```c#
IObservable<CollisionEvent> ReactToEntity(IEntity entity)
{
    return MessageBroker.Receive<EntityCollisionEvent>().Single(x => x.collidee == entity);
}
```

So this offers a bit more power as the `Execute` method takes both the entity in the pool and the returned data from the subscription allowing you to work with external data when processing.

This is still a fairly new system type so will possibly have some minor changes as we move forward.

### IManualSystem

This is a niche system for when you want to carry out some logic outside the scope of entities, or want to have 
more fine grained control over how you deal with the entities matched.

Rather than the `SystemExecutor` doing most of the work for you and managing the subscriptions and entity interactions 
this just provides you the `GroupAccessor` for the entities targetted and its up to you to control how they are 
dealt with.

The `StartSystem` method will be triggered when the system has been added to the executor, and the `StopSystem` 
will be triggered when the system is removed.

#### EventReactionSystem<T>

This is a custom implementation of the IManualSystem which acts as a shorthand way of waiting for an event then
once it occurs running some logic based purely upon the logic within that event. (However you can override 
it a bit to provide additional entities outside of the group if needed).

```c#
public class SomeEventSystem : EventReactionSystem<SomeEvent>
{
    public SomeEventSystem(IEventSystem eventSystem) : base(eventSystem)
    { }

    public override void EventTriggered(SomeEvent eventData)
    {
        // Do something with eventData
    }
}
```

## System Loading Order

So by default (with the default implementation of `ISystemExecutor`) systems will load in the order of:

1. Implementations of `ISetupSystem`
2. Implementations of `IReactToEntitySystem`
3. Other Systems

However within those groupings it will load the systems in whatever order Zenject (assuming you are using it) provides them, however there is a way to enforce some level of priority by applying the `[Priority(1)]` attribute, this allows you to specify the priority of how systems should be loaded. The ordering will be from lowest to highest so if you have a priority of 1 it will load before a system with a priority of 10.
